Welcome to ModuleMaker
You will be sent a username and password to access ModuleMaker
If you forget your password you can reset it here
Click submit and get started
At the top is the menu, where you can:
Go to the homepage
Select Modules
Choose Site
View saved modules
Log out
See which site you are currently working on
Some sites have more modules than others
Select the site to see available modules
Lets create a new module for Waitrose Cellar
Here is our new card element
Here are the available options for the new card
Here we can change the asset size for the card
In this case we will choose half width
Now we can customise our copy
Not all options are included on the card
You can put html into some of these options, to bold or break text
Remember to close your tags.
Now we will create our new link
We need to add all relevent information as the GA tracking is built from this information
We can also change the type of CTA for the new card
Now we can change the CTA text, Link, Link description, and asset destination (used for GA)
We will now add in the new image provided by the design team
Ooops
There we go
Now we add our image description
Here we can pick from the available roundels for the new card
There is a dropdown here but it wont show on the screen recorder
They are the same options as you would normally see, eg: Save upto, Save, Green, Red, Percent off etc.
Once we have selected one we can customises it to our needs.
We've finished editing now so we can click the create button and get our new module
Tada
We can see the output code so we can check for the important bits like GA tags
Be sure to check carefully, we dont want any mistakes. :)
Once we're ready we can click the copy code button to get the code copied to the clipboard.
We can now paste our code straight into management centre.
We can save a module by entering a name for it. Please follow the standard in the help section
Our new card is now saved and can be recalled later.
Thanks for watching, you can find more help in the help centre.